happy we had a decent decent conference
season and just focused and we're ready
to get through those is this what you
guys have been focused on all year it
seemed seems like kind of this the
regular season was going through the
motions getting to the WAC tournament
did feel that way to you live big in the
year we thought we want to get that a
large bit the season went on it just
turned out that the way we could get the
turn it was to whack so I guess this is
kind of the big folks later do you feel
the team is refocused after the game
that Utah Valley do you feel every focus
more from the other gun or focus for a
chip on mad read about that loss we're
definitely scratchy a very much both
live and you learn in tournament I'm
sure coach says you know take one game
at a time you can Grand Canyon first
talk about Grand Canyon you guys
actually played a pretty close game
against Seattle oh yeah sorry about that
talk about Seattle then the season
they're great team that can they can
really catch you to catch any team in
the league if they're not cuz they're
not focus on point are we got to go out
there and execute but we always do and
just take care of business what's the
attitude of the team like knowing that
you've won this tournament the last two
years so this is a very positive moment
for you all knowing it you can easily do
this if you just play your game we know
we know we need to do and we just got go
out then do it I mean every year is a
new year this year we're going to take
it just like we did last year won the
event
we can meet Jeremy how's the experience
though a good factor for your team oh it
means great factor especially playing
that arena we know was like especially
for other teams that are new to the
conference they haven't really played
ever played in that arena I mean
pressure washers success we have I mean
guys played great play other peaks I
mean hopefully we could be able to this
or to you had a great tournament last
year now that's something I'm sure that
you would love to be able to repeat and
that's the kind of kind of performance
ability you can you can you can repeat
last driving make up playing on best
possible so far this year I'm really
really just coming after all so it's
really dominated a contribution on board
hopefully I can keep pushing how
exciting is it to know that you can
leave you in this tournament big ants is
right there again and you're going to
the final 64 or so is definitely excited
feeling but what is guaranteed so you go
take it one game at a time thanks